Accessor functions which are sometimes called getter functions,
are functions like this;
in day or in month or in year in this state class that get data from the function.
They are typically marked as constant because they are
designed not to change the interior state of an object and they
often just return a private member variable but
by channeling access to that private member variable through a public accessor function.
We can better control in particular how that member variable gets set.
We could take the year,
for example and make that a public member and then people could
set the year at will but if people do something like set the year to a leap year,
that may actually change or
invalidate the number of days we have in a month for example if the date is
February 29th 2016 and then somebody goes and changes the year to 2017,
that might that might break the date because February 29th 2017 isn't a valid date.
So we make year a private member variable but that also means we need to create
this public accessor method that simply returns the value of year when it gets called.
Sometimes this accessor method would be named something like get year.
I like to name it just year,
with a capital letter,
which is a convention for member functions but it's
the same name essentially as the private member variable that it returns.